My name is the Plague.
As in what, you hapless techno-weenie?
Never fear. I is here.
Let's echo 23, see what's up.
"God" wouldn't be up this late.
Shit! Get me the switching control center.
I need to trace a call that's in progress.
Did you get a trace?
Good.
A recent unknown intruder penetrated, using a superuser acount, giving him access to our whole system.
Someone didn't bother reading my carefully prepared memo on commonly used passwords. Now, as I so meticulously pointed out, the for most used passwords are love, ...God. So would your holiness care to change her password?
A hacker planted the virus.
Yesterday, the ballast program for a supertanker training model mistakenly thought the vessel was empty, and flooded its tanks.
The little boat flipped over. A virus planted in the Gibson computer system claimed responsibility.
That is the virus. Leonardo da Vinci. The problem is we have twenty six ships at sea and we don't know which ones are infected.
There's no such thing anymore, Duke. These ships are totally computerized. They rely on satellite navigation, which links them to our network, and the virus, wherever they are in the world.
Well luckily, you have a gifted and talented security officer. I traced the hacker's call. The secret service picked him up this morning. I'll just search his files for the original virus code, and then I can eliminate it.
Yeah!
Well, we're working on it as fast as we can. This is a very common occurrence in corporations as large as ours. You have nothing to worry about.
Yeah, the Secret Service is helping us out 100 percent. Okay?
We'll be in touch. Talk to you later.
I had to move fast. The hacker copied my garbage file.
I created Mister da Vinci so we could call in the Secret Service. So they'd arrest the hacker, sieze his equipment, things that we can't do on our own.
Relax. Think about the 25 million dollars.
Basically, uhmm, yeah. Mmm hmmm.
Sh, sh sh sh sh.
I'll take care of this.
I can cancel it any time. I don't need any program code. But it's the perfect cover, to confiscate the disc and find out how much of that garbage file has been copied.
No. He's either very smart or very stupid.
Gill.
Uuugh, hard copy.
Dade Murphy.
The year was 1988. And this nasty virus crashed fifteen hundred systems in one day.
Must have been hell, huh? Zero Cool? A virus has been planted in the Ellingson Mineral computer system. You were our prime suspect, till we trashed your stuff and found no trace of it.
Gill.
I can't believe you were only eleven when you wrote this. It's quite an impressive virus. Dade, I know how you might feel about narking on your friends, but, we're hackers. For us, there's no such thing as family and friends. We're each our own country, with temporary allies and enemies. I'd like to make a treaty with you.
I'm the one who understands you. Now, can we be allies?
Watch which friends you do play with. A record like yours could land you in jail, get you kicked out of school, no colleges would take you. No future. Exiled from everyone and everything you love.
I'll be in touch.
Oh, and Dade, try to stay out of trouble, okay?
Thank you!
I disguised myself as an Alabama State Trooper and penetrated the FBI NCIC.
The FBI computer holds files on twenty million Americans. I just hacked into it.
From here I got access to every piece of data ever stored on Dade Murphy's parents. His parents separated five years ago, reconciled two years later, filed for divorce last year, custody battle, boy chose to go with his mother. Hmm.
So, we get the mother, we get the boy.
Animal!
You wanted to know who I am, Zero Cool? Well let me explain the New World Order. Governments and corporations need people like you and me. We are samurai. The keyboard cowboys. And all those other people out there who have no idea what's going on are the cattle. Mooo! I need your help, you need my help. Let me help you earn your spurs. Ahh, think about it. Enjoy the laptop, "Cool"! Tell me where the disk is.
The girl. The girl has the disc I need.
Turn on your laptop. Set it to receive a file.
Lauren Murphy is now a wanted felon in the state of Washington. Forgery, Embezzlement, two drug convictions, plus she jumped parole. When she's arrested, she will not have a trial, she will not pass go, she will go directly to jail. Then I change this file back to the original, and your mom disappears.
What can I tell you. Computers never lie, kid. Your mom will be arrested at work, she'll be handcuffed, and later, strip searched.
Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death and, uh, I can do all of them!
Talk to me.
Hey, don't worry, kid. If she's innocent, she'll be fine. Your mommy's safe now, okay?
Not everything. But enough to implicate us.
Yeah. To civilians. But they're hackers. But don't worry. All we have to do is launch the Da Vinci virus, and then they'll all be put away.
No one believes the guilty. Besides, by the time they realize the truth, we'll be long gone with all of our money.
Look, there is no right and wrong. There is only fun and boring. A thirty year prison sentence sounds pretty dull to me. Who do you prefer serves it, us? Or them?
The virus goes off tomorrow morning at 10:30, and those hackers tried to get into our system again. At this point I insist you take more strenuous action, or Ellingson Mineral will hold the Secret Service responsible.
Nothing, it's just a minor glitch.
Type "Cookie", you idiot. I'll head 'em off at the pass.
Run anti-virus. Give me a systems display!
Die, dickweeds!
Send a Flu-shot.
They're at Grand Central Station, lower level. Don't screw up.
Game's over. Last chance to get out of this without a prison sentence. You're not good enough to beat me, you little shit.
Give it up! Just give it up.
In short, Duke, a shit storm.
This is the end, my friend. Thank you for calling!
Come on you son of a bitch, is that all you got, huh? Come on, let's see what else you can do! You talking to me? Huh? Hahahaha. Are you nuts? Come at me!
Little pissant!
Hello?
Good.
Just a pillow please.
Thank you.
What's going on? Let go of me! Stewardess! I'll never fly this airline again!